[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with former US
Marine Mike Herrera.
Mike is a veteran with a
Distinguished Service record.
Today, we discuss craft
retrieval programs.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>> MIKE HERRERA: Hey,
it's good to be back on.
>> EMERY: What do we know about
crash retrieval programs, Mike?
>> HERRERA: Well, I think
mainstream is starting to get
out.
And I mean, disclosure
wise, because people
have the question on how we're
obtaining these materials, which
is a very good question
for the public to ask.
You know, without my involvement
in understanding how this works,
I had the same questions.
And this is coming
from somebody who
had a background, who didn't
believe in this kind of stuff
prior to my experience.
And it was one of
the things, how were
they able to pull this off?
Well, that's what we're
going to talk about today.
>> EMERY: Well, how often do
UFO and UAP crashes occur?
>> HERRERA: Now, my personal
knowledge stems from this
facility that I went to.
This facility, I know, at least
happens two to three times
a year where they're doing
crash retrieval operations
and there are AO,
Area of Operations.
And this is done
through P3 assets
that are luring these
craft in through a level
of consciousness.
They are making contact.
This is a very advanced level
of what people know as CE-5.
But they don't have to go
into a meditative state
to do that, they
can do it instantly.
They can just think about it.
And that's how this happens.
So over time, they're building
rapport and this organization
that has control
of these P3 assets
are sitting off in a distance
with these weapon systems
that they have, which is
scalar longitudinal weapons
and they're basically
stunning these craft
and bringing them down.
But the other thing I also
found out, which is interesting,
is these P3s are
getting to a point--
and this is also assisted with
extraterrestrial technology
or non-human intelligence--
that they can actually
hijack these craft
and block the ETs
or the non-human intelligence
that are onboard these
so they can intercept that
and take control of the craft
and bring it down.
>> EMERY: Well, let's
talk about that,
because if these craft and these
civilizations are so advanced,
like how can we shoot them down?
>> HERRERA: I think it's a
lot of them being tricked
because it's not like, you know,
when they come to our world,
they are susceptible to our laws
of physics, such as gravity,
such as inertia, such
as things like that.
The only benefit they have
as far as their technology is
that they're able to have
a bubble that they have
their craft in that actually
bypasses all those laws,
which is why people see
them traveling few thousand
all the way to up to a hundred
thousand miles an hour.
And they've had documented cases
through radar signatures that
have done this, back
in the '50s in a way,
because now they
switched that up.
So they become
subject to our laws
also with consciousness
to an extent.
So if they have people
that are able to be
on a similar level to them with
this technology assisting them
to do so, which
is how this works,
then they're able to
hijack these craft.
And they also-- maybe there's
something that happens off
in the distance where, OK, this
isn't working because maybe
these specific
beings happen to be
at a higher level
of consciousness
that we understand.
And that's when they
implement plan B, which would
be scalar longitudinal weapons.
>> EMERY: So you're telling me
these P3s are actually weapons?
>> HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: They're trained to--
>> HERRERA: They're
trained to do this.
>> EMERY: Now, you said
they take over the craft.
Are they also taking over
the extraterrestrial's
consciousness?
>> HERRERA: No, though
specifically the craft,
because that is how they
pilot the craft is through
consciousness.
It's not like
levers and controls.
When people think that, I mean,
these reverse-engineered craft,
they may have devices where
the occupants such as these P3s
connect to the craft in that
way that not normal people can.
And I know that they've had
technologies where people
put this technology on them.
It may be something that
goes over their head,
it may be a vest of some
sort that actually amplifies
their consciousness to where
they can connect to that craft.
And now they have
the archaic versions
which actually have lever
systems and things like that.
But the problem
these days is it's
getting very hard to
tell the difference
between non-human intelligence,
such as their craft and ours,
because it's basically
leveled together.
It's now to the point where
it's hard to distinguish
that because now they look
like they're manufactured
in one solid piece.
They're not having the--
like the one I saw in 2009--
>> EMERY: Yeah, the one you saw.
>> HERRERA: --which had rivets,
had seams, it had panels,
all that kind of stuff.
>> EMERY: It wasn't seamless.
>> HERRERA: No, these are
starting to become that way.
>> EMERY: Are the P3s
specifically trained for just
one civilization, one race
of craft, or is it multitude?
>> HERRERA: It's multitude.
It's across the board.
Now, the thing is, is
they're at a basic level
of understanding and helping
with this assistive technology
that they're given,
which is being--
obviously they're being
controlled by these operatives.
That's what people
have to understand.
It's like we've
talked about before,
A, being of Black team operator;
B, being a sonic person; and C,
being this AT and ET craft.
Well, they have a machine that
they plug into this person that
can connect to this craft.
>> EMERY: Right,
through the secondary--
>> HERRERA: Correct.
So it's almost like
you're controlling me.
And if I have access
to a craft, then you're
controlling me to move
this thing and do it.
So it's almost like
you're doing it
instead of having somebody
else do it for you.
So it's not necessarily just
one specific race that they're
actually tuned into.
It's across the board.
However, there is
familiarity with these people
and these P3s connecting
to similar beings that may
come from the same star system.
So I think when they have that
perfected, then all of a sudden
they're having to train or
maybe augmented in a way
to deal with other civilizations
that we may not have come across
on the back end.
>> EMERY: Are you aware of
what specific races the P3s are
working on in this program?
>> HERRERA: With
some of my sources,
it's mainly Greys that
they've interacted with.
And it's not just the
ones that are 3 feet tall.
There's some that are
actually are our same height
and there's some instances where
some of these are 10 feet tall,
very large beings in
comparison as far as tall-wise.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> HERRERA: Now, because some of
these facilities have taken them
to these operators have
worked on the genetic level
of basically understanding
what these are,
and that's how they're
determining whether they
actually have digestive systems
that we've talked about,
as well as beings
that don't have that,
which can conclude the
hypothesis that maybe these are
some advanced drones that
they have and that's why
they're sending in these craft.
So there is definitely
a lot of knowledge
being learned between what
races are coming up against.
Now, I know the Greys
for the most part,
from what I've been
briefed on, look
more humanoid than
they do like how they
have in movies and cartoons.
There are some iteration of
that, but a lot of these beings
look more humanoid
with facial features
compared to what's
being illustrated.
>> EMERY: You mentioned these
P3s basically bring down these
craft.
What's the protocol after
that for the crash retrieval?
>> HERRERA: It's
a good question.
So this is how it works.
And it's very basic and it
stems from the military side
of things.
Because a lot of these
operators are former military--
I'm not going to
go into specifics
with that special operations--
but what they do is
they secure the area
that this is going on to.
And so they have a
security presence,
basically keeps everybody out.
And then they have the aspect
of the actual crash retrieval
teams such as
HAZMAT, because they
have to make sure that the area
that they're in when there's
a crash retrieval
being done is not
toxic to any of the members that
could instantly incapacitate
them.
There are instances that I
am aware of where they've
done crash retrieval operations,
where the craft has actually
zapped people and has
rendered them unconsciousness.
As far as an extent of being
lethal, I'm not entirely sure,
but I've heard
that this happens.
I don't know if it's
the energy output.
I don't know if
it's intentional.
>> EMERY: It is.
It's the energy from the craft.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
And I've hypothesized that.
I don't know if
it's intentional,
but I've heard that it's--
>> EMERY: It's the
Travis Walton syndrome.
>> HERRERA: That's exactly it.
So Travis Walton,
for example, we
all know, at least on
the backend of things,
people in disclosure--
>> EMERY: Of course.
>> HERRERA: He sold his
story for very cheap.
And they turned
it into something
that was more of a
fear-mongering basis.
But what people don't
understand-- and he's also
went on publicly to say
this, that they actually
helped heal him.
They didn't do horrible
experiments on him.
They didn't put
anything in his eyeball
like they say in that movie.
They actually helped
him heal and made
sure that he was able
to regain his health.
>> EMERY: He told us that he--
it was his fault. He ran
right up to the craft
and it shocked him
and stopped his heart.
>> HERRERA: Yep.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
>> HERRERA: And they
brought him back.
They helped him out.
And that's, you know,
so if they were bad,
like they illustrated
in this movie,
he wouldn't be here right now.
You know that as well as I do.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> HERRERA: But they're
not here to harm us.
I'm relieved of that.
>> EMERY: We've had happen on
many crash retrievals where
people that are not trained in
approaching a craft get zapped
like that.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
And they have a protocol
where they actually
keep that a distance to make
sure that nobody's getting--
>> EMERY: I guess that's really
important, what you said,
is the first people that go out
there secure that barrier around
the craft to protect everyone or
onlookers or whoever's around.
>> HERRERA: That's exactly it.
Because if you have-- let's say
if you have kids playing nearby
and this happens to happen
during that time of day,
it spans.
It's not just nighttime.
>> EMERY: Could you explain to
them, because I'm aware of this,
but I'm sure they
would want to know,
you know how they do
multiple barriers,
and how far does that
go out from the craft?
>> HERRERA: So it
can be up to a mile.
It can be even excess of that.
But most of the controlled
area is within a mile.
And this is also topside,
too, with airspace.
So they're keeping this vector
on with keeping everybody out.
Now, there's only
people who are read up
on this who are going to
be in these areas that
do this operation firsthand.
It's experienced people.
You have pilots
who actually have
and they pick up
the wreckage using
helicopters or any
other means to do that,
to bring it to a facility.
So they hook everything
up in that way.
Now, there is also instances
where nobody's damaged
and it's actually just
falls and there's no--
some of these craft
are very durable.
So when they impact the
soil, they're not destroyed.
They don't have a hole
rupturing the hull, for example.
So that's where
they basically have
these P3s that are basically
bringing and moving
the craft to a
location or to an area
to where they can be snagged
up by these operators.
>> EMERY: Could you show the
audience and give us a kind
of a measurement, because you
and I both know it could be like
right here that we shot down
craft from Nellis Air Force base
and it lands in
the Atacama Desert.
Could you give them like,
what's the distances
that the farthest or the
nearest that's happened at that
point where the
P3 was getting it?
>> HERRERA: It spans a couple--
it could be a couple hundred
miles.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>> HERRERA: Now they've refined
their technology because some
of the scalar weapon systems
they use, it hits a band.
They've refined it to where
it's surgical to an extent,
but they're also
using other systems
that may not be to that degree.
And it hits a fan.
And this is why there's
collateral damage
such as civilian
aircraft being hit, too,
because it just happens
to be caught in the way.
There's been crash retrievals
that have happened away
from this installation that have
spanned more than 100 miles.
And like you've talked
about, some of them
have fallen in the ocean.
Some of them have fallen
in other remote places
in the world, even
South America.
So they have neutrino
light detectors
that they have satellites
that pick up these propulsion
systems on these
craft and they're
able to detect where
they're going to go.
And they have very
advanced systems
that say, OK, the probability is
that this may have crashed here.
So they already
have response teams
all over the world that
specialize in this.
And there's been a lot of cases
where people like in Virginia,
for example, where they've
had C-130s rolling up
instantaneously as soon
as this crash happened.
And then they've had people that
have handled the biologics that
have succumbed to--
I'm not familiar as
far as the specifics,
as far as how these
people relatively
died from handling
the biologics,
but it did harm
them in some way.
I don't know if it's
a chemical or if it's
some type of other off
world material or substance
or anything that could
have been harmful to us.
And that's kind of why they
have to score in this area off
to make sure nobody's
getting hit by this.
>> EMERY: Could you explain
to the audience, Mike,
how there are these
teams out there,
these crash retrieval teams,
how they're always in the air
and the cost of they're always
around the planet just flying.
>> HERRERA: They are.
And you have eventually--
what people have to realize
is that this organization
has an unlimited budget.
We talked about self-funding
mechanisms that they do.
We talked about the funding
from the Black projects
that they're actually
siphoning funds through,
money laundering and a bunch of
other ways that they do this.
So they always have
assets on standby.
Now, there are specific
operations that they do,
such as being bringing a
P3 asset to a remote area
to go ahead and
initiate this, which--
>> EMERY: And they're
prepared for that?
>> HERRERA: Yes, they are.
And that's when they
basically have it more
confined into that area.
Now, think about that
on a global scale.
Now, they're trying to bring
them so far down to where
they're relatively close.
But what people, and I'm talking
about these organizations
that also has an issue with
how big these craft are.
They've had instances where
they have these black pyramid
structures that are craft.
And I don't know the race
specifically behind this
that it has built
those, but they've
had giant black pyramids
that they've seen.
>> EMERY: Do they
ever say, slow down,
we can't do this one because--
>> HERRERA: There's
been times where that--
>> EMERY: it's going to
take out the whole city.
>> HERRERA: There's been
times where that's happened.
So they kind of have to pick and
choose what they're going with.
And that's why they kind
of observe and they're
able to get the P3 to actually
make contact with certain ones
to say, OK, they can
make the decision.
If this P3 can't
handle it, then they
have these operators that can
target them and bring them down.
So there's been craft, like
I said, mothership size.
And I can't relatively
put in scale
on how big that is for
people to understand,
but that's pretty
big to where it
would impact a certain part
of our world in a bad way.
>> EMERY: Have you ever
heard of a P3 getting control
of a vessel, a spacecraft,
a UFO/UAP in outer space,
and then the teams come in
and they kind of invade that
and board and take out the,
well, the pilots and stuff?
>> HERRERA: I have not
personally have heard that,
but I know that they're always
trying to test the range of how
this person can operate.
So I assume that there
has been instances
where this has
happened and maybe it's
fallen, like you've said,
into the Atacama Desert
instead of in a
classified area out West.
>> EMERY: Are you aware that
they ever took P3 in space
and did that?
>> HERRERA: I'm
not aware of that.
It's possible, but I'm
not personally aware.
>> EMERY: Well, these
extraterrestrials are coming
to our planet.
They're not attacking us.
These P3s are gaining basically
control of their craft.
And then they're
shooting them down.
Why?
>> HERRERA: So these P3s
when they're doing this,
they're not doing it out of
a measure that's going to be
hostile towards an ET.
They're making genuine contact
through other civilizations
that are here that
have a friendly nature
amongst themselves.
That's why these P3s
are being tricked
when these other-- because
they don't know these operators
are going to do this.
And there may be a point
to where all of a sudden
it does that, that
the P3 will realize,
oh this craft was just shot
down by this other group
and they have no
idea because they
keep them very compartmentalized
and not aware of anything else.
They just put them in this
area, have them do their magic,
and that's when these
other forces basically
take them down with these
advanced weapons systems.
So, yes, the P3s
as well as the ETs
or the non-human intelligence
are being tricked.
That is very real.
Because if they were
to be aware of it,
let's say beforehand,
if they were to--
>> EMERY: They
would pick up on it.
>> HERRERA: They would pick
up on it and they would leave
the area.
They wouldn't intervene
with that area.
And that does happen
quite a bit where
they pick up on it because
they've seen something happen.
>> EMERY: Absolutely,
and during our CE-5s,
we have a few people have fear
in them or we have a couple
agents in there that wish harm,
they will immediately stop
the contact.
>> HERRERA: Yes, and
they're very hyper aware
of people's energy
in that regard.
Now, these P3s, they're
always taken care of.
They're always
given the luxury--
>> EMERY: They keep mapping.
>> HERRERA: Yes, they do.
So if they're feeling happy,
then the ETs are like,
OK, well, this
person's obviously nice
and there's nothing
going to happen.
We want to see who this person
is or interact with them.
>> EMERY: That makes
complete sense.
>> HERRERA: Yeah, that's how
this works and it's not a good
thing, in my personal opinion.
I know a lot of
people agree with that
because they're being tricked
and this is something that--
let's say if we were to
come across a race that
didn't think too highly
of us and they decided
they wanted to go to war.
Well, that war would
not last years.
This whole thing would be
over within a microsecond,
if I think about it.
>> EMERY: Well, what about all
these other extraterrestrial
races monitoring us, visualizing
what we're doing, this evilness?
What are they thinking?
>> HERRERA: Well, they
understand that there's a small
group of people doing this.
It's not the whole human race.
Now, the whole human
race, the problem
is we have the
capability to do that
but people don't branch
on that capability.
These people in these programs,
to an extent, the bad people,
are fully bred with
that capability
and that's why they're given
the materials to make them
more on that personality
trait of being
sociopathic or psychopathic.
>> EMERY: Do you think one day
we will have to pay the price
not just traumatically but
as a physical planet here?
>> HERRERA: I hope not, because
everybody else on this planet
wants to have contact with
non-human intelligence.
>> EMERY: Well, you're
mentioning these malevolent
groups that are doing
all this trickery.
And there's also
groups or organizations
out there that are
benevolent, that are
trying to do something good.
Are they working
together at all?
>> HERRERA: No, that's
completely compartmentalized
in that nature.
What I will say
is that the people
who have a genuine
curiosity are not going
to be people in these programs.
They're going to be the ones
who are people who are going out
amongst the stars doing CE-5s,
trying to initiate contact
with that way,
which, by the way,
I've seen a lot of incredible
videos of this being done.
And I know you've had broad
experiences with this.
I have not.
And I would like to see
that one day, maybe I will.
But I know for a fact that
these malevolent groups
are doing it to gain the
technology aspect of it,
to refine what they're already
doing or trying to capitalize
on it to begin with.
And that's where the malevolent
nature comes into effect.
These P3s don't have
that malevolent nature.
And the reason why is because
if that was really the case,
these beings would pick
up on a much faster.
They would clear it.
Now, I know for a fact that
there may be malevolent P3s,
but they probably don't have
as much success compared
to somebody who is not.
And that's where
they trick them.
>> EMERY: Now, are there other
organizations or governments out
there that are trying to make
safe contact that's benevolent
that you're aware of?
>> HERRERA: I'm
aware of that, yes.
And as far as US government
assets, I'm not sure of,
but I know foreign countries
that are doing this.
And they've done
this in the past
where they want to
make peaceful contact.
And of course, these rogue
groups and our government
are contacting them
and saying, hey, you're
not allowed to do this
without our approval,
which who are they to say that
it's up to their approval?
Because they want to
basically capitalize on this.
So peaceful contact
is being done.
By our government?
I'm not entirely sure.
But I know foreign
governments that
are more on that level of
not wanting to retrieve
the technology, but just to
basically make friends and know
that they can contact them
and have peaceful contact
is a real thing.
>> EMERY: Isn't it odd that
the US government does not want
other countries contacting
extraterrestrials without
their permission?
>> HERRERA: Yeah, that's
a little weird, you know.
But you have these
rogue groups that
are controlling certain people
in the government to say this,
and that's how that's
working, because I
know there's some people in
the government I've talked
to that are curious about making
contact in a peaceful approach.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
How many craft do we know
that have been recovered?
>> HERRERA: That is kind
of a loaded question,
but I will explain as in
there's different agencies,
both conventional government
that perform crash retrievals.
I don't know the
specific number of that.
This deep Black
organization that's
doing crash retrievals
on a basis where
it's not really known and
is kept very hush-hush,
it's been quite a bit.
As well as the exact
number, I'm not sure of.
But to put in reference, I
do know the specific facility
that was taken to has done
two to three times a year
that they do this on average.
So at least guaranteed
two to three times a year
at this installation is having
these crash retrievals happen.
So if you're taking the
existence of this facility,
which I cannot confirm
that existence,
and I'm not going to,
to keep people safe,
when this facility started
being used for this purposes,
as well as other things, because
these facilities are being used
in a multi-role function.
>> EMERY: You mentioned
facilities, plural.
So where are these craft
being taken to be examined?
>> HERRERA: Underground.
Most-- 99% of the time,
they're taken underground.
There's only certain-- there's
only a certain percentage where
this doesn't happen and it's
because they're too big to move.
So what they do is they build
a structure on top of it,
like a building
that's hollowed out,
and then they have
it cordoned off
with security
measures, of course,
to make it look
like it's nothing.
It's not a fancy
building, but they
have workers inside basically
trying to examine this
and trying to, you
know, I don't know
how they're going
to break it down
because a lot of the materials
that these craft are is almost
virtually indestructible.
>> EMERY: Even in the early
'90s when I was part of these
retrieval teams, they had these
amazing devices that they would
put on the outside of these
craft that projected holographic
images, that there was really
nothing there from the horizon
line of sight.
And I heard that
they still do that.
Do they still have
stuff like this?
>> HERRERA: Yes, they do that.
And it's funny you mentioned--
>> EMERY: While they're building
the building and burying
the craft and stuff.
>> HERRERA: Yes, and they
actually obscure some of these
black sites that same way
with holographic technologies.
>> EMERY: Do they do that
during the P3 contact work from
the satellites?
>> HERRERA: I would imagine so.
The specifics of
that, I don't know,
but I imagine they would because
they want to keep it obscured.
They want to keep
it where it doesn't
look like something's going on.
And I think there's
some times where
it may hastily happen to where
they're not prepared for it.
So then they have to go
through the other manpower
exercise of having a
threatening military force.
>> EMERY: Yeah, these projectors
are on giant semi-flatbeds.
So they're not brought
to a military bases?
Where do they go?
>> HERRERA: Early on in the
'40s and '50s, they were.
And that's when the government
was basically handing it
to these private
companies to work out,
which then would take it into
these private installations.
Now, these other bases that used
to be military bases and they
may be disguised as
military bases to an extent,
but most of the time they
look like there's nothing
going on topside.
They look like
abandoned facilities.
But underground is where all
the specific fun happens,
such as reverse engineering
programs and genetic materials,
things like that.
But what people also
have to understand
is that there are a lot
of underground facilities
that don't ever come topside.
And you can only access
these installations
through methods of underground.
>> EMERY: From other facilities.
>> HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: Yes.
I can concur.
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: Have any
extraterrestrials been recovered
from these crash retrievals?
And if so, what
they do with them?
What happened to them?
>> HERRERA: There's different
SOPs or protocols for that,
standard operating procedures.
So if they have anything that's
alive, they typically, I think,
will sedate them to an extent.
So they have teams specific
for non-human biologics that
happen to deal with this.
Now, as far as personally,
I have not witnessed this.
So this is only secondhand
information that I'm saying.
But they do take them
into these facilities.
And if they're
kept alive, I don't
know what they do with
them when they're alive.
I do know that when they do
have dead occupants that they
recover, that they incinerate
the bodies after they're
done doing any kind of--
the question is,
what kind of species
is this and is it something
that they've already
recovered in the past before?
Then I'm pretty sure they just
go ahead and incinerate them
because they know
everything about them.
So it's not like having to
keep getting something new.
Now, if it's something where
they have a species or a race
that they haven't
encountered before,
then they're going to
start doing the testing
and trying to basically see
what they're about genetically.
>> EMERY: Why would these
extraterrestrial races send live
beings when they can easily send
a drone and a program life form.
>> HERRERA: Well, that's
what they're already doing.
There's been a mixture of both.
So I think if it's an
intentional purpose
to see what we do, kind of
sending a canary into the coal
mine, for example, to
see what kind of gases
are emitted from that, they're
doing kind of the same thing.
And that's when
they're putting things
that may, to our understanding,
may look like live beings to us,
but in fact are maybe
these advanced drones.
So I know they do
that and I know
they're trying to test
certain things to happen.
And that maybe for them trying
to have a gauge on how advanced
we are as people
using this technology
and how we're able
to intercept it.
So I know they're
constantly testing us
through those measures.
>> EMERY: What kind of
facilities are required
to contain these
extraterrestrials?
>> HERRERA: Well, it's
anything that is basically
at a bio-genetic facility,
but more high-tech.
It's not going to be
something like at a college,
for example, that's doing
genetic testing for animals
and things like this.
It's going to be facilities
that are basically
almost impossible to get into.
And the reason being they keep
this is because, one, they
only allow the control of
certain people to go into this.
They know these
people very intimately
because that's how they either
coerce them or control them.
So they keep the
security measures very
intact with doing it that way.
In most of the
time, you will find
that these genetic
facilities are only
accessed from other
facilities underground.
You can only go in one
way in and one way out.
And there's a lot
of personnel there
that basically
coordinate area off
and they're very articulate
with biometrics as far
as making sure this person
is who they say they are.
They also measure them
their weight to make sure
they're not bringing
anything in or out.
The other thing that
they started doing,
and I'm pretty sure
you're well aware of this,
is a frequency-based
systems that
detect a person's frequency.
And if they match that
frequency because it's
very hard to duplicate that,
then that specific person
can go in.
So it's not like I
have access to all
these underground
facilities, but it's
like certain people who do
they measure them based off
of a certain frequency
with biometric data.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
What about the containment
of these extraterrestrials
and these underground
facilities?
>> HERRERA: So they keep them
basically with nitrogen freezers
or like liquid nitrogen. So
that's kind of the cooling agent
to basically keep them chilled.
And usually, it's anywhere from
negative-60 to negative-80.
So that way, they're
not completely frozen,
but they're still
able to actually make
incisions on their skins or
graft any kind of material
that they need to.
>> EMERY: What about
the ones that are alive?
>> HERRERA: The ones that are
alive, I'm not entirely sure.
I was not read up on that
because a lot of these people
that I work with do not have
access to live occupants.
That's a different--
compartmentalized.
Now, if I end up
getting to know people
who do that, they will
pretty much tell me
that this is how
it works and then
we can revisit
that in the future.
Someday, hopefully.
>> EMERY: Well, what type of
non-human intelligence have been
recovered that you can speak of?
>> HERRERA: Greys,
for the most part,
different races of Greys
that are more humanoid.
It's not the insect ones.
I've heard of the insectoids
even what they call mantis-like.
I've heard of things like that.
But most of the
time that I know of
is going to be humanoid Greys.
>> EMERY: When
they get shot down,
do they perceive
us to be hostile?
>> HERRERA: Yeah.
You know, and I think that's
where the trickery comes in,
too.
But I know that it kind
of gets tricky with this
because it gets very--
it can go very in
the weeds with this
because then it just
talking about theories.
So I can't really elaborate
on that, but I know for a fact
that they do know that.
>> EMERY: Are you aware of any
of these beings working with us
in any capacity?
>> HERRERA: Officially, no.
I know these Black sites more
particularly are violently
taking them down.
So I know that they're not
going to be reluctant to try
to help with that.
There have been instances that
I've heard of, and I cannot
confirm this, where there has
been people who have intercepted
communications from ET saying
that they need their occupants
and they need their craft back.
And that was recently.
And if that is the
case, then it kind of
shows that we're not working
with them in that nature.
It means that we're
forcefully taking them.
Now, could it be a fact where
there's been races in the past,
such as Eisenhower's meeting,
for example, which is now
becoming something well-known?
Again, it's something I
can't confirm firsthand
because I wasn't
there at this meeting,
but I've heard other individuals
who have attended that meeting
that, yes, it was a real thing.
And ironically, it's
happened in areas
where some of these
installations happen to be at.
>> EMERY: Alamogordo.
White sands.
>> HERRERA: There's a lot of
facilities there underground.
>> EMERY: What is the agenda
of these crash retrievals with
the people that you work with?
>> HERRERA: The agenda is
basically just to cordon
the area off and get these
done very, very quick.
That's the agenda, at least,
to get their job contained.
That way, there is no tampering
of other outside agencies
to do that.
>> EMERY: Is it acquiring
technology, basically?
>> HERRERA: Yes, that's--
now, it's research and
development is the main thing.
>> EMERY: Biology.
>> HERRERA: Yes,
research, development,
biology are the main
things with this.
Now, there some handlers
in this organization that
may be personally that's what
they want, is this technology,
and they may benefit from
using that personally.
But I know research,
development, and biology
are the main aspects that
this is sought after.
>> EMERY: And who do
they sell that to?
>> HERRERA: Interagency,
different other--
it may be other companies
that they work with
or other organizations
that they sell this to.
>> EMERY: Do they ever
keep it for themselves,
for their own secret agenda?
>> HERRERA: Yes,
they do all the time.
And as far as their
secret agenda,
I have no idea
specifically what that is.
That has not been
embellished to me yet.
>> EMERY: Mike, where do you
see this all going as we look
into the future?
>> HERRERA: Well, with
the research, development,
and biology of this, if this is
to get into a conventional means
such as government, it's going
to provide our race as humans
a better understanding of
who our companions are out
in the star systems, with
those technologies associated.
So I think more if
we're understanding
what granted that,
what people are looking
for first is disclosure
to be something
where the president comes out
and says, yes, they're real.
Well, that's not
going to happen.
And sorry, I hate to
burst anybody's bubble,
but disclosure has
already happened.
It's been proof all of this ever
since ancient civilizations.
So people have to wrap
their head in that.
That's already happened.
It's not going to
happen in a way
that everybody thinks it does.
It's a slow drip.
Now, as far as the
disclosure of us
as humans already
having this technology,
this is where the
problem comes in.
This is the main focus
that a lot of people
understand in the
government, as well
as these top secret programs
or these deep Black programs
that it's going to have
to explain a lot as
far as the technology that
it's already been derived
from extraterrestrial
technology, such as the scalar
ones we've talked about.
That's all derived from
extraterrestrial technology
for that matter.
There may be some instances
where AI could potentially
be derived from that, too.
And that's something that
I personally don't know.
But I think a lot of the stuff
coming from that may also
be because of this technology.
>> EMERY: How do you think the
people will respond also about
our history that will be
changed a little bit there?
>> HERRERA: I can tell
that us as a human race,
we only know from our
environment and what
we're exposed to, and
that's how we learn.
We also expect people
to tell us the truth.
But these people
that try to tell us
the truth, if they're
bought and paid for,
they're not going to give
us the meat and potatoes
that we need to know.
They're going to give us
some sort of falsehood
of trying to expand on, and
that's how people came about.
>> EMERY: So you're telling me
the last couple thousand years,
humans have been
programmed by humans?
>> HERRERA: Very much so.
And it's--
>> EMERY: Yes.
>> HERRERA: But it's
unfortunate, though,
because that's
exactly what it is.
>> EMERY: It is.
>> HERRERA: How do you think
in reference to the secret
of materialization of certain
things or even knowledge as far
as meditation or even bettering
ourselves consciously?
That's been locked
away and slowly
coming out to people who are not
afraid to relinquish that over.
But what has made it simplified
is using this ET technology
to do that for us instead of us
having to do it for ourselves.
>> EMERY: It would be great
to have that technology today
and looking forward to it.
It's seeping out every
day, as you said.
>> HERRERA: Yes, it is.
>> EMERY: Well, Michael, thank
you for being on the show.
It's always a pleasure.
>> HERRERA: Hey, thanks
for having me on.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]